[release/0.6] applying latest changes from main (#155)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: examples/ultralytics-yolo/README.md

limitations under the License.
-->

# Ultralytics YOLO DeepSparse Inference Examples
This directory contains examples of benchmarking, annotating, and serving inferences
of YOLO models from the [ultralytics/yolov3](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov3)
and [ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5)
repositories using the DeepSparse Engine. The DeepSparse Engine is able to achieve
[real-time inferencing of YOLO on CPUs](https://neuralmagic.com/blog/benchmark-yolov3-on-cpus-with-deepsparse/)
by leveraging pruned and quantized YOLO models. These examples can load pre-trained,
sparsified models from [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo) or you can
create your own using the 
[Sparseml-Ultralytics-yolov5 integration](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml/blob/main/integrations/ultralytics-yolov5/README.md).

## Installation
The dependencies for this example can be installed using `pip`:
```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: upgrade pip using `python -m pip install -U pip` before installing requirements
```

## SparseZoo Stubs
The following examples may be run with local ONNX YOLO models, or by using pre-trained, pre-sparsified YOLO models
from the [SparseZoo](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/).

The [SparseZoo](https://sparsezoo.neuralmagic.com/) contains both 
baseline and models sparsified to different degrees of inference performance vs. baseline loss recovery.

Each model in the SparseZoo has a specific stub that identifies it; any YOLO model stub in the SparseZoo can be used to
run the following examples.

| Model Name     |      Stub      | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|

> | yolov3-pruned-aggressive | zoo:cv/detection/yolo_v3-spp/pytorch/ultralytics/coco/pruned-aggressive_97 | Sparse YOLOv3 model train with full FP32 precision that recovers 97% of its baseline mAP |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| yolov3-pruned-aggressive | zoo:cv/detection/yolo_v3-spp/pytorch/ultralytics/coco/pruned-aggressive_97 | Sparse YOLOv3 model trained with full FP32 precision that recovers 97% of its baseline mAP |
```

| yolov3-pruned_quant-aggressive | zoo:cv/detection/yolo_v3-spp/pytorch/ultralytics/coco/pruned_quant-aggressive_94 | Sparse INT8 quantized YOLOv3 model that recovers 94% of its baseline mAP |
| yolov3-base | zoo:cv/detection/yolo_v3-spp/pytorch/ultralytics/coco/base-none | Dense full precision YOLOv3-SPP model |

## Annotation Example

> `annotate.py` is a script for using YOLO sparsified (and not sparsified) models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`annotate.py` is a script for using YOLO sparsified (or non-sparsified) models
```

    --no-save  # webcam only
```

> In addition to webcam `--source` can take a path to a `.jpg` file, directory or glob path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to webcam, `--source` can take a path to a `.jpg` file, directory or glob path
```
